docs: embeded best practices in page (#62173)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/ai/develop-with-ai.md

> 
> * <a href="/context/best-practices.md" target="_blank">best-practices.md</a> - a set of instructions to help LLMs generate correct code that follows Angular best practices. This file can be included as system instructions to your AI tooling or included along with your prompt as context.
> 
> ### General Angular best practices prompt
> 
> <docs-code language="md" path="adev/src/context/best-practices.md"/>
> 

Reviewer: I think we should update the content above it as well (making the content part of the previous section, avoid introducing a new one):

```suggestion

Here is a set of instructions to help LLMs generate correct code that follows Angular best practices. This file can be included as system instructions to your AI tooling or included along with your prompt as context.

<docs-code language="md" path="adev/src/context/best-practices.md"/>

Click <a download href="/context/best-practices.md" target="_blank">here</a> to download the file.

```

@MarkTechson WDYT?
